{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red249\green249\blue249;\red242\green242\blue242;
\red11\green81\blue160;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa210

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 \cb3 Question 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Register an application with the Github API here https://github.com/settings/applications. Access the API to get information on your instructors repositories (hint: this is the url you want "https://api.github.com/users/jtleek/repos"). Use this data to find the time that the datasharing repo was created. What time was it created? This tutorial may be useful (https://github.com/hadley/httr/blob/master/demo/oauth2-github.r). You may also need to run the code in the base R package and not R studio.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 2013-11-07T13:25:07Z (correct)\
2014-03-05T16:11:46Z\
2013-08-28T18:18:50Z\
2012-06-20T18:39:06Z\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa210

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 The sqldf package allows for execution of SQL commands on R data frames. We will use the sqldf package to practice the queries we might send with the dbSendQuery command in RMySQL. Download the American Community Survey data and load it into an R object called
\f1\fs26 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2  acs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2Fss06pid.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2Fss06pid.csv}} \
\
Which of the following commands will select only the data for the probability weights pwgtp1 with ages less than 50?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 sqldf("select pwgtp1 from acs where AGEP 
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f2 \cf2 <
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2  50") (correct)\
sqldf("select * from acs where AGEP 
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f2 \cf2 <
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2  50 and pwgtp1")\
sqldf("select * from acs")\
sqldf("select pwgtp1 from acs")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa210

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Using the same data frame you created in the previous problem, what is the equivalent function to unique(acs$AGEP)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 sqldf("select distinct AGEP from acs") (Correct)\
sqldf("select unique * from acs")\
sqldf("select distinct pwgtp1 from acs")\
sqldf("select AGEP where unique from acs")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa210

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 How many characters are in the 10th, 20th, 30th and 100th lines of HTML from this page: \
\
http://biostat.jhsph.edu/~jleek/contact.html \
\
(Hint: the nchar() function in R may be helpful)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 45 31 7 25 (correct)\
43 99 7 25\
45 31 7 31\
45 0 2 2\
45 31 2 25\
45 92 7 2\
43 99 8 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa210

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 5\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Read this data set into R and report the sum of the numbers in the fourth of the nine columns. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fwksst8110.for"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fwksst8110.for}} \
\
Original source of the data: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cpc.ncep.noaa.gov/data/indices/wksst8110.for"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 http://www.cpc.ncep.noaa.gov/data/indices/wksst8110.for}} \
\
(Hint this is a fixed width file format)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 36.5\
101.83\
28893.3\
32426.7 (correct)\
222243.1\
35824.9\
}