{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red249\green249\blue249;\red7\green80\blue167;
\red242\green242\blue242;\red255\green251\blue198;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 \cb3 Question 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 The American Community Survey distributes downloadable data about United States communities. Download the 2006 microdata survey about housing for the state of Idaho using download.file() from here: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2Fss06hid.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2Fss06hid.csv}} \
\
and load the data into R. The code book, describing the variable names is here: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FPUMSDataDict06.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FPUMSDataDict06.pdf }}\
\
Apply strsplit() to split all the names of the data frame on the characters "wgtp". What is the value of the 123 element of the resulting list?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 "" "15" (correct)\
"wgtp"\
"wgtp" "15"\
"w" "15"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Load the Gross Domestic Product data for the 190 ranked countries in this data set: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FGDP.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FGDP.csv}} \
\
Remove the commas from the GDP numbers in millions of dollars and average them. What is the average? \
\
Original data sources: http://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/GDP-ranking-table\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 381615.4\
293700.3\
387854.4\
377652.4 (Correct)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 In the data set from Question 2 what is a regular expression that would allow you to count the number of countries whose name begins with "United"? Assume that the variable with the country names in it is named countryNames. How many countries begin with United?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 grep("^United",countryNames), 3 (correct)\
grep("^United",countryNames), 4\
grep("*United",countryNames), 5\
grep("*United",countryNames), 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Load the Gross Domestic Product data for the 190 ranked countries in this data set: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FGDP.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FGDP.csv}} \
\
Load the educational data from this data set: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FEDSTATS_Country.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fdata%2FEDSTATS_Country.csv}} \
\
Match the data based on the country shortcode. Of the countries for which the end of the fiscal year is available, how many end in June? \
\
Original data sources: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/GDP-ranking-table"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/GDP-ranking-table}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/ed-stats"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://data.worldbank.org/data-catalog/ed-stats}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 15\
31\
13 (correct)\
7\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200

\b\fs50 \cf2 Question 5\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs28 \cf2 You can use the quantmod ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.quantmod.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.quantmod.com/}}) package to get historical stock prices for publicly traded companies on the NASDAQ and NYSE. Use the following code to download data on Amazon's stock price and get the times the data was sampled.
\f1\fs26 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 library(quantmod)\
amzn = getSymbols("AMZN",auto.assign=FALSE)\
sampleTimes = index(amzn) \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 How many values were collected in 2012? How many values were collected on Mondays in 2012?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 251, 47\
252, 47\
365, 52\
250, 47 (correct)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b \cf2 \cb6 \
}